{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1045{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang21 The banished soul has wandered the land for over a decade now. A fruit of cosmic irony, both nothing and everything. Gifted with the intellect of his mother, forced to live like his father.\line There was something missing. Of course, there's always food, water, shelter or sleep that can be lacking, but he didn't care about those. Those didn't cause him pain. It was company. He did meet people, of course he did, it wasn't rare either. But people weren't really company. Their intellect vacant to the nuance, their doors of understanding repealed at best. Animals. That's what they were to him, and however good-spirited and shaped in his image, he always felt alone. It was a hunger he'd kill to satisfy.\line Sad and tired he's approached yet another stray ruin, with the intent to use it as his shelter for the night. It was barely a conscious decision - he's done that every day for years now, his mind wasn't present in the world of material events for most of the day, as the needs of the body were easy to automate in their triviality. He's passed the surprisingly intact gate arch and started looking for the deepest, safest place within the manor, while also trying to catch any sounds of potential wildlife or other kinds of danger. The air seemed slightly heavier to move through than the outside, but still as easy to breathe. His eyes started to adapt slowly, and full clarity surged into his mind in an instant. Before him stood a giant throne, and on it sat a giant skeleton in a bored pose, wearing a luxurious cloak and a golden crown decorated with rubies. Its entirety was covered with dense cobwebs. The empty eyesockets suddenly went alight with bright fire.\line "It's been years since the last time mortal life has entered this domain. What's more, it's sentience I sense." The booming voice has paused for a moment, the echo was still reverberating inside the spacious throne room. "Good. Sentient creatures find greater ease in understanding that they should bow before the presence of royalty. Bad. Sentient creatures find greater difficulty in mustering the humility necessary to do so. Now bow."\line The rugged wanderer was nowhere near considering that.\line "Who are you for me to bow before you?"\line Thunderous laughter came from all directions. "I insist that first you explain who are you not to obey, prideful one."\line "I am Descartes, the son of the Idiot and Dementia" said the wanderer, with a smug smile. The laughter only intensified.\line "I've lived through both of their births. Your origins don't impress me, and you thinking that they would signifies you think little of me, both in my power and my wisdom. For you see, I am the Silken Lord, the absolute ruler of this domain, and I can tell you with certainty, that you stand no chance in challenging my authority. With that out of the way, let's proceed to the pleasantries. Be warned - this won't be pleasant."\line Descartes's body started moving forcibly. He resisted with all the might of his will and muscles, but was powerless against the complex force precisely bending him into a graceful bow. As his body started standing up, he's noticed the fingers of the right hand of the skeleton moving ever so slightly, while the rest was completely stationary. Magic? No.\line Strings. The air was filled with infinitesimal strands of silk.\line "I must admit, I've lied before. Your birth does impress me, but not for the reasons you'd want me to be impressed for. That's why you're still living at this moment. And that's why I invite you to become my guest. Would you like to sit down?"\line "Yes, yes I would."\line "Say no more."\line A human-sized skeleton servant has entered the view, carrying a very ornate wooden chair, and placed it just behind Decartes. This action alone has filled him with questions.\line "Why use a skeleton?"\line "Pardon?"\line "You can move anything with your strings, your majesty. Why control a skeleton to move the chair, when you can just move the chair itself?"\line "Because, as a royal being, I don't indulge in peasantry. Hauling material goods is a task for peasants, unfit to be performed by a king."\line "But you still did it, didn't you? You moved the chair all the same, just complicating it a bit more."\line "Yes, my dear, but that is called power. A ruler still needs to get involed to get his will done, for if the intent isn't set in motion, he isn't a ruler in the first place."\line "I can't really tell where does wisdom end and delusion begin in what you just said\'85. Your majesty."\line "Your wit, bravery and irony would make you an excellent jester. Your heritage is unmistakable."\line Descartes's mind was alight with fascination.\line "How are you possible, oh Silken Lord? How does a long dead vessel hold consciousness?"\line "The answer is the same as for everything - puppetry. The body is inanimate, I just pull the strings from the outside."\line Descartes was becoming utterly consumed by thought.\line "I see you're soon to piece it all together. Riches turn to hay, mind and bone decay. This was a saying among my people, before we went extinct. But a soul can still persevere. All it takes is perfection."\line "Godhood. This is what's been missing all along. Talking to you has opened my eyes to this truth. I can't find an equal, because no man was born equal to me. I was born a god and among gods is my place."\line Subtle sinister laughter has filled the halls.\line "Good. You're ripe for blooming, son of Nausea. All you have to do now is trace the footsteps of your future very carefully. But before that, rest. Your mind might be racing, but your strenght is wavering."\line "Thank you, your majesty."\par
To be a god means to be perfect, for a mortal to be perfect means to fulfill an ideal. Through sheer cosmic intellect Descartes was holding within, he's laid out the perfect plan.\line He still remembered his engine research. The reality is divided into three layers: the material world, the perfect world of ideas and the veil between the two. Living a perfect life crystalizes one's existence into an ideal, that then keeps persevering in the ideal world as one's soul.\line With newfound enthusiasm, Descartes started returning to his old ways. First, he build a house hidden deep in the woods. Then, devices to take care of his everyday necessities. A paper-making machine. A recipe for synthetic ink. Then he spent his days constructing and writing down each interesting thought he had. With time he became more efficient. More bold.\line More unhinged.\line With no outside interruption, he's lost sight of his primary goal and instead was obsessively creating increasingly eccentric and impractical inventions. Consumed by the cycle, he's eventually starved to death.\par
On the third day after Descartes's demise, the corpse's skin began to crack. Intense rays of silver light were shining through. After a few moments, the skin was fully shed, revealing his new form - a young humanoid made of light, with tentacle wings on his back. He was reborn from his mortal cocoon and ready to ascend into his place of belonging. But before that, he needed to adjust to his new body. He passed through the ceiling of his home and soared through the skies, needing no effort nor sustenance. A perfect being.\line He knew exactly where he was going - the Transparent Valley, a place where the Veil is in plain sight. A place where worlds converge.\line The northern lights shone in the skies in beautiful patterns, even more beautiful for Descartes, being the doorway to his long lost home. With a tearful smile, he flew into the warmth of the world beyond the blatant. But it pushed back. The harder he tried to cross the threshold of reality, the harder was he spat out back into it.\line "What is the meaning of this?" he thought to himself. "Have I done something wrong? I have assumed this godly form, all the majesty and glory is in my hand's reach. Why can't I grasp it?"\line "Have you not yet realized?" an old man's voice asked calmly from below. Descartes looked down. The Idiot was laying on the meadowy hill, looking at the lights and the clouds, a straw in his mouth.\line "Realized what?"\line "Half human, half god. You're both, but you're also neither. You will never be complete, so you will never taste the sort of perfection you crave."\line Descartes needed a moment to process what he's just heard. Not man enough to become an idea. Not god enough to enter heavens. Forever banished as a wandering spirit. The whole effort, the whole life, in vain. He became furious.\line "All I ever wanted was to be happy! All I ever craved was company! If I can't have it, I'll smite everyone responsible!"\line "There's comfort to be found in solitude. There's serenity to be found in the appreciation of the little things."\line "Don't you dare talk down to me like this! You brought me into this, now you'll pay for your sins!"\line The Idiot smiled.\line "Can't you appreciate the sky for the work of art it is? Do you need everything to be of utility to you?"\line With his teeth clenched, Descartes launched a mighty bolt of angelic energy at the Idiot.\line "Your arrogance hurts my soul" said the Idiot, unharmed. "You've wasted away your one singular chance at having a finite life, all that awaits you from now on is emptiness."\line Powerless and humiliated, Descartes hastily left.\par
Devoid of the limitations of the human perspective, Descartes now had access to all of his knowledge in its purest form. In a moment of introspection, he's made the most peculiar observation - the whole world is a complex web of relations. While pretty obvious, there was more to it than first meets the eye. The same was true for the world's metaphysics - the laws of reality themselves were intertwined, like threads in fabric. Theoretically, by pulling the strings you gain power over reality. Make the universe your puppet.\line Descartes's eyes widened.\par
"I welcome you again. I see you've grown since last we met."\line "Teach me magic!"\line The royal's voice boomed with laughter once again.\line "Your enthusiasm seems to have trampled your manners." Godrays entering through the stained glass window shed light the skeleton, revealing also the strings, and the intelect. A malformed humanoid shillouette stood on the skeleton's shoulders, controlling its movements. The figure seemed to be smiling. "Listen carefully. There's duality to magic. There's knowledge and there's power. Having all the knowledge means knowing every possible consequence of an action. Having all the power means being able to influence each and every thread of reality. The ironic thing is - every mage in history is limited by one of the two. Gods have unlimited knowledge, but can influence only the cosmic forces they represent. Mortals have access to all the power, but their limited perspective makes them effectively lost in the darkness of infinite potentiality."\line "Why are you telling me this?"\line "Can you not tell? It's because you're the first being in existence not bound by these rules. You have both all the knowledge and all the power. You are a god among gods!"\par
As all the knowledge fell into place, Descartes became the master of all creation. He spent the next weeks testing the inner machinations, gaining a more intuitive understanding of his unprecedented power. Changing weather on a whim. Inverting gravity. Inverting inertia. His chaotic curiosity lead him to feats as impressive as they were terrifying.\line Eventually, he came to the Transparent Valley again. This time he was well prepared.\line "I am God! The only one! That ever was, and ever will be!"\par
Teneber observed unsettled as a savage, unhinged spirit was relentlessly clawing through The Veil. She sensed it was a being more powerful than her. And she most surely wasn't about to stay idle about it.\par
Despite using all his knowledge and might, the Ideal was still outside his reach. Exhausted, he now couldn't help but aknowledge - he'll never be fit to enter The Ideal and no amount of power will change that. All-knowing, all-powerful, all-miserable.\line With rage, he appeared instantly before the Silken Lord.\line "You tricked me! You puppeteered me from the start! You knew this would happen!"\line "I did."\line "Why?!"\line "This world is old and tired. You're the chosen one, with the power to obliterate it. All you needed was a bit of guidance."\line "The world? It's you! It's you who's old and tired. And I won't give you the relief you crave."\line "Is this how you thank me for my hospitality? I gave you hope. I gave you power. Being this thankless makes you as much of an animal as the common people you despise."\line Descartes reached out with his hand and the figure has vaporized in an instant. The skeleton immediately crumbled into a pile of bones. As all strings fell to the floor, no longer held by tension, Descartes began his ultimate display of rage. Forests burning with the power of a thousand suns. Oceans swallowing cities whole. Earthquakes turning cities into mere dust.\line Breathe out.\line Breathe in.\line As he inhaled, most of all living creatures have dropped dead on the spot. Instantaneous genocide. The laws of nature overwritten, falling apart. A world of utter nonsense.\line He drifted wildly across the world to witness the mayhem he was causing, unaware of being anticipated.\line "Hail be to you oh Mother, he who is about to die salutes you!"\line Descartes looked down to see the Idiot again\'85 holding a hammer?\line "What in heavens are you doing?"\line The Idiot smiled.\line "Undoing my mistake!" As he said that, he swung his hammer, and when Decartes realized what was about to happen, it was already too late to react.\line The Nightmare Engine was smashed by the impact.\line The emptiness and silence were instantaneous.\par
"You continue to amaze me" said the green lady to The Idiot. "How can you do something so reckless, yet still somehow think it through? I didn't think such a feat was even possible to a mortal."\line "It probably isn't. I'm an idea you see, and I was well aware of that for a while. I could tap into my ideal self for answers, and so I did. I had to stop the child, first and foremost, before he'd destroy everything. And how do you stop a mad god? No other answer that utter annihilation. I wasn't afeared of sacrificing myself, as I knew I had a soul and would just end up in here."\line She smiled, visibly amused.\line "Quite simple when you put it like that. But why did you choose to help Teneber?"\line "Mostly to give her an illusion of having power over me, so she doesn't interfere with something I was planning to do anyways. Made double sure she doesn't ever bother us. You know how crazy she can be. Just imagine what a fit she'd throw if I refused her call."\line Madness laughed.\line "It's adorable whenever you get so self-serious like this. However wise and charming, you're still as pompous as all the other mortal men."\line "You're right, I have forgotten myself" he said, joining her in laughter. "So, what now?"\line "Now? We get to be together, for all of eternity."\par
}
 