Gertrude closed her eyes and let the chill pass her body. The trees around her were nearly bald. Autumn. She knew what was coming next.

Johan couldn’t comprehend the events before his eyes. Why was his mother weeping like she’s never wept before, over his grandmother donning her prettiest clothes? His father stood beside him, his hand on his shoulder, his expression seemingly emotionless.  
"What’s going on papa?"  
The father speaks after a brief pause. "Your grandmother is going into the woods, to live among the fairies."  
"The fairies? But why? You’ve always told me to be wary of their mischief." The child struggled to make sense of this sudden development.  
"There’s a cruel winter ahead of us. There’s not enough food to go around. The fairies will take the eldest of our family under their care, but in exchange we will never see her again." His jaw clenched slightly, subtly enough for the child not to notice. The mother, slumped against the dining table, was too overtaken with grief to speak. Gertrude, the elder woman, dutifully covered herself in numerous pretty sheets of cloth on top of her summer dress. Wrapped like a gift, she was ready to go. With a gentle smile she looked over her family, fondly.  
"What a beautiful home this is. Before I go, I want you to know that I’m proud of the life we’ve lived together. The children and grandchildren I’ve raised."  
"Don’t go!" The mother threw herself at the woman desperately.  
Gertrude looked down upon her kindly. "Laura, my precious. You know it’s not to be. When nature refuses to be kind, sacrifices must be made. You must bear this heartbreak now, to nurture your family for the years to come. My beautiful girl." Her facade cracks a little, her voice wavers while she caresses her child’s face for the last time. Laura’s face expressed nothing but sorrow and defeat. She knew what was right, she just couldn’t accept it.  
The elder woman stood up and walked towards the doors slowly, with dignity. "Farewell. May winter have mercy upon you."

Freezing or starvation – which will get her first, she wondered. All she now possessed was pretty rags and fond memories. She was glad the child was spared the truth of her journey – to venture into the forest and die. To lighten the burden on the food supplies. Her final lesson in responsibility.  
It’s been three days. There’s still scarce berries to be found. The river is not yet frozen. But she could feel it – the world was on the brink of its white entombment. She remembered her husband, eight years dead. Found in the afternoon in the fields. She was glad that he was spared from her fate.  
She wandered keeping the river always in sight - both to keep her access to water, and to make sure she's creating more distance from home. The last thing she wanted was for her carcass to be found by her family.  
As her legs kept marching forward, supported by a makeshift walking stick, her unoccupied mind kept drifting. Old memories, weird feelings. It felt as if she ran out of concrete things to think about. Her eyes observed the same old forest she knew for her whole life as if her eyes opened for the first time again - the way the trees branched, the way the snowflakes swirled - it filled her with wonder. This is the world she's saying her goodbyes to - beautiful, familiar, terrifying. She smiled to herself - maybe it's not so bad after all, to find one's grave among these thoughts. Reunited with the miracle of nature, sobered by inescapable reality.  
In her delirious bliss she neglected to fully control her body, falling over to her side and passing out from exhaustion.

She woke up with her back leaning against a tree. Someone found her? Her eyes struggled to focus, but she quickly noticed a short figure in front of her. A child. His outfit was bizarre - high leather boots, linen shirt and pants, complete with a belt, and a large fur cape covering most of his figure. But somehow even more attention-catching was his hair - a golden fleece of whimsical swirls, constantly shifting in wind, covering a majority of his face, like a surreal cloud. From underneath his locks there peered his adorably plump cheeks, a tiny button nose and a singular blue eye. He seemed to be around ten years old. He smiled at her with radiating sincerity.  
"Welcome back to the waking world Gertrude."  
The old woman was confused, unable to believe any of this was real.  
"Who are you?"  
"I am the Everchild, known by the name of Hans in my previous life. I may look young but don't be fooled - I've lived more winters than you did. I've sensed your thoughts of childlike whimsy and found you just in time for the rescue. Welcome to my winter wonderland." He spread his arms, bringing attention to the out of season garden surrounding them. She felt uneasy in the presence of things so deeply unnatural. Despite that, she decided to play along.  
"How is any of this possible?"  
"It's simple really - I love the world and the world loves me back. All it takes is truly believing."  
"What about you? What happened to you? I still don't understand anything."  
"About a hundred winters ago, maybe more, my daddy sent me to live with the fairies, and so I went. Once the fairies found me, they told me my papa did something really bad by sending me, instead of going himself, but they still took care of me. I played and danced, and years have passed, but my playtime never ended - I could keep playing for as long as I wanted."  
Gertrude was mortified by what she just heard - his own father sent him to certain death, and fairies took pity on him, seemingly only because of such an egregious perversion of the tradition.  
"Aren't you curious about what the grownup life is like?"  
"I am curious, but within my heart I know that once I grow up, this paradise will end. It is my duty to never grow up. Isn't preserving innocence a common desire in the hearts of men?" He started stomping around playfully, each place his foot touched rapidly melting snow around it, as if he was made of sunshine. After a moment of fun he turns to her again. "It gets lonely in here, you know? It's just me and the fairies. But sometimes, someone else gets sent into the forest, and I'm able to bring a new friend with me. What do you say Gertrude? Will you play with me until your body fails you?"  
She smiled slowly as her bewilderment was replaced with amazement. With a single nod she abandoned many a burden.