{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1045{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang21\par
\b\fs40 Prologue: Dear Eleonore\b0\fs22\par
\par
Dear Eleonore,\par
I write to you now, that the times are uncertain. Don't worry - I'm well kept and well paid, it's something else that this is about, let me explain.\line A circus has come to our town, promising merriment and rest, I was quite excited and relieved. I've looked at performers and freaks, good times. The day has ended happily and I was content.\line The next day, trouble began. That morning, Descartes has visited a pygmy fortune teller (remember him? He's that nutty architect that stays in his archives for whole weeks). Why would he of all people go there? One of his underlings was there the day before and was told by her, that she has a message directly for Descartes's ears. He, being a curious man, went there before sunrise. Though I was told, his attitude was rather derisive at first, he's left the tent shocked. He said absolutely nothing, just went to his archives, absorbed in thought like never before.\line Most of the day then went as always, only rumors and slight ridicule were spreading around. But all became terrifyingly clear once Descartes decided to speak to us directly.\line "We won't be building the palace gardens anymore" he said, devoid of any feeling. "Now, we'll be building this machine I've designed, and we have only a few days to finish it. If we don't, the world will collapse, and you'll all die."\line At first most didn't believe him, we've assumed he's gone completely unhinged.\line "Ah, I see" he said sourly, then raised his hand. "Count" he said, spreading his fingers, and some of us counted. There were six. Some said four. Some said five. "Count again." Seven. Six. Three. People started feeling nauseous.\line "Listen well! We don't exist. We are a dream, and our true god is waking up. Reality is falling apart, but only the most observant will notice on their own. We have very little time. Await your orders."\line And so, we've started building this very weird metal chamber, looks like a nightmarishly complex furnace, with many very weird components involved.\line I'm deeply unsettled and I hope you're well.\par
Forever yours,\line Joseph\par
\par
Dear Eleonore,\par
We've succeeded! I was frightened beyond belief, but we've survived!\line The Engine was finished in time, and the brave mob hunted the Nightmares of the land, so they could be captured and put into the machines. Now their torture is keeping the world together. We're heroes now and we can go home soon. Anticipate me!\par
Truly longing,\line Joseph\par
\par
Dear Eleonore,\par
I sit here, in the demolished post office, at the edge of reality, and only void is before me.\line My name is David, and I'm a firsthand witness of all that's happened in the fateful days of awakening.\line Our god has abandoned us, so we've created a new, clockwork god instead, and now all we can do is pray it never fails us. The nightmares that fuel the engine are subjected to visions so horrible, no sane mind can hope to grasp them. The nightmares of Nightmares. And yet, they are our new gods - lonely, scared and enslaved.\line I've spent the last month recovering all the letters I could find, and I hope that once you're dreamt back into reality, all will be well for you. More engines are already in construction, you'll exist soon.\line Why am I writing this? Hard to tell. Maybe as a journal, to keep myself sane? It's quite lonely in here, and the void around doesn't bring hope.\line I've read rumors of Descartes peering into one of the engines, going absolutely insane in the process. Poor soul, his genius and curiosity was what brought him demise in the end.\par
May you not be forgotten,\line David\par
\b\fs40 Descartes's Wrath\b0\fs22\par
\par
"The world's irregularities are escalating by the day. It's unpredictable, as predicted. There's still something missing in this puzzle, something that prevents me from predicting the outcomes of this chaotic system. One component to\'85"\line Descartes's scribbling was interrupted by the sound of knocking.\line "In" he murmured, annoyed by the disturbance.\line A young guard stumbled into the study.\line "Master sir, a gipsy requires your visit!"\line "A what?\'85"\line "A gipsy. A fortune teller."\line "And what on earth makes you think it's a great idea to bother me with such tomfoolery?!"\line "She claims to have something valuable to you, master."\line Descartes looked around. Dusk was peering through the curtains. Dirty dishes all over the furniture. He's lost the track of time, but he could see he hasn't left the room for at least half a week.\line "A small walk won't do me harm."\line He had no idea how wrong he was.\par
\par
"Welcome to my domain, you who is born of god and void."\line "Why are you disturbing me, what for?"\line The woman gave him a twisted smile, as if he stepped right into her trap.\line "There's an unknown rythm in the universe\'85"\line "Possibly. So?"\line "A rythm that binds all things."\line His eyes were set aflame by the realization.\line "The key to everything\'85"\line She pointed at him with a warning.\line "But the one who disobeys will be cursed, will be sane\'85"\line His voice trembling, he just begged:\line "Show me."\line She's grabbed an ornate dagger, laying among magical instruments, stood up and approached him.\line "What are you doing?"\line "To see the thing how they are, you need to unveil the eyes of your mind. The ritual doesn't harm those who have faith."\line "Faith? I am a man of science!"\line "Then in science your faith lies. There's always something out of measure in which you have to believe to be anchored within reality. And so, behold The Puller of All Strings!" she screamed, and swiftly stabbed him dead between his eyes.\par
Descartes woke up in an unfamiliar space. Everything he saw was beyond human reason, and just at the edge of possible grasp for his genius mind. Among it all lied an impossible creature - a god of some sorts, reeking of cruel trickery. With senses not meant for a human to be experienced, he's sensed that it's sleeping. And dreaming. Dreaming a dream of degenerate conception.\line The realization came soon enough - it is his reality that's being dreamt into being. And there's no much time left before the mockery through sleep will bore the Dreamer.\par
"There's not much time left!" he screamed, waking up. She pulled the dagger out of his head, miraculously undoing all harm done.\line "Indeed."\line "I understand you ability now. You observe the breathing and the fluid flows of the Dreamer and predict the dream's course of action based on the tendencies of those phenomena. You're no more of a magician than I am!"\line She gave him a tired smile.\line "All is magic until it's understood deeply enough to become science."\line "Yes, thank you. Your undisputable favor will be returned. I'll begin working on preventing the collapse of the known universe immediately!"\line "Oh yes, the favor will surely be returned\'85"\line It never crossed his busy mind, that her actions were not motivated by survival, but something much deeper and more sinister. Revenge.\par
The world needed a surogate. An artificial womb to keep itself alive. An impossible cradle.\line Descartes pondered long and hard. What could exist despite the barriers of reality? Inside and outside at once? Dreams. Nightmares. Through mad logic he's engineered a machine, capable of sustaining reality around itself, using fear as its fuel. Not ordinary fear though, no. Fear of a nightmare. Something beyond human comprehension. It couldn't be imagined. But it could be calculated. Descartes formulated the pure horror, but wasn't unscathed by the end of the process - his mind has become unhinged, more vulnerable to the flows behind The Curtain.\line "There was an unknown rythm in the universe. A rythm that binds all things. Now I shall replace it with my brilliance, establish and rule the Empire of the Mind!"\line The construction of the engines was hasty and desperate, as the reality was visibly falling apart. By the end of the final day of work, concepts as basic as language were completely erased from the universe, almost dooming their efforts to failure. Despite such a major setback, they succeeded all the same, enslaving and torturing nightmares to keep their surroundings from total erasure. With time, more engines were built, restoring the land lost.\par
Descartes was resting, which was a rare occurence. The creation of Nightmare Engines has put quite a strain on him, so he spend a few days entertaining himself with history and philosophy books. He began to notice a tendency, a sine wave of thought and culture. Humanity was stuck in a cycle, treading in a circle, and the footsteps were too quick to dissolve for those unattentive. The technology and the art have grown, but at the spiritual root, humans were the same savage animals they have always been. Iritated, Descartes has stepped onto the balcony and observed the festive parade below.\line "They celebrate existence, but what an existence it is? Pitiful skulking of meaningless vermin. They do not belong in my kingdom. Their minds need to be elevated, a lesson needs to be taught. Happiness is but a distraction, true clarity is achieved through pain."\line The crowd cheered at their savior after noticing him, his face couldn't even budge to smile back.\line "I will teach them a lesson."\par
A group of children was playing in the playground while adults all around were lazily chatting. It was a much needed time of leasure after stressful times. Suddenly, a robed figure has approached the playground fast. Descartes. His hood partially hiding his nearly crying face, expressing extreme discomfort. The parents didn't react in time, as he reached the playground and started stabbing children to death with a giant needle, with wild ferocity; it was all done in a matter of seconds.\line The wailing screams soon followed.\line "What have you done?!"\line He raised his head, furious, and shouted at the now gathering crowd:\line "Don't you realize that your minds haven't changed?! THOUSANDS of years went to waste! All cause you're blind! You came from nothing, into nothing you'll turn. All hail be nothingness!"\line The crowd murmured, witnessing the terrifying fit of a madman.\line "Let this painful day be a lesson for you. What makes you think your lives are worth any more than that of a flea? I'm born of god and you should bow to me!"\line The petrified crowd didn't bow. Descartes's voice has turnt into a sinister, cracking whisper.\line "I see. You came from nothing and to nothing you'll return. I disdain to coexist with you."\line He began walking in the direction of the engine, only annihilation in his mind. When people understood his intent, the desperation took over fear. In a mob effort, they exiled the divine genius out of the City of Light.\par
Descartes spent weeks stumbling in anger and shame.\line "This world is but a cruel mockery of a construct, a place in which the meek outrule the divine. A place of perpetuating idiocy, where brilliance is an unrewarding burden. I am cursed, I am sane!"\line "Is muttering to yourself a sign of your sanity?" an elderly voice asked him from behind.\line "Your question is insulting, and your lack of answers indicates you're an idiot" said Descartes, not bothering to turn around.\line "Yes, I admit, I am an absolute idiot. Are you not the same?"\line "No, I am the brilliance this earth has never seen before!"\line "How do you know? And why are you here, wandering the no man's land?"\line "I was exiled. No man before me has achieved what I have, I've forwarded the scientific progress like noone before me!"\line "Isn't building on pre-existing knowledge inherently derivative? Isn't all you've done but foolish attempts at greatness, while all you've done was rearranging what's already there and calling it your own?"\line Descartes was stumped. He's finally realized, he might not be talking to an idiot after all.\line "It is you who has murdered the children, am I wrong?"\line "It is I."\line "Why? Why did you do that?"\line "For the mind of common folk to be broken and rebuild. Refined. Ascended beyond the blatant and mundane."\line "And did it happen?"\line "No\'85"\line "Why?"\line "Because their minds are immune to proper thought."\line "So it's their fault they've learned nothing\'85"\line "I've saved the children, their minds were never corrupted by life without curiosity and wonder! I've captured them at their best before they have spoiled into misery! Who are you to judge me?!"\line "I am the nothing you so desperately crave. I am your father. I am The Idiot. And I've come to see what kind of cosmic mistake you have become."\par
High above The Veil, a rare moment of joy has happened. Misstress Nausea was hosting a guest. A mortal. An exceptional one at that.\line "Yes, you're irresistible, but my desires mean nothing as long as I don't act on them. The body can be numbed, the mind can be fooled. I am the master of whatever rules over me."\line "I see. Your true power lies in knowing your limits. You're proud to be called an idiot because it's true, you don't know nor understand most things, and you're not willing to pretend it's otherwise. Your awareness of that fact is what makes you the greatest human mind alive."\line "You seem to be fascinated by this."\line "How could I not be? No mortal before could stay unswayed in my presence! Your sanity is stronger than diamond!"\line "All it takes is self control. Are all my brothers such animals?"\line The Green Lady laughed and pointed at the massive herd of spirits in the sky.\line "As you can see - wild beasts, barely with any mind of their own."\line "As above, so below. Some things seemingly never change. Wherever I go, I'm a shepherd. A father."\line "A god among men, that's what you are" she spoke, looking at him playfully.\line "A god\'85"\line They've bursted into a kiss. Two lonesome souls were united in passion. She's lifted her dress, fully uncovering the numerous tentacles below. Then she's spread the tentacles, bringing a beaked mouth hole into sight.\line "Seems like any form of contact with you is dangerous for men."\line She giggled.\line "Doesn't that make you excited?"\line Being already naked since arrival, he's just glanced down at his awakened member, smiled devilishly and answered:\line "Maybe a bit."\par
\par
"The history is bound to repeat. You're as blind and ignorant as those who you wished to teach. Do you know what's the true difference between you and them? You lack the basic human decency, that prevents most from turning into monsters. You're half god, half void, and in no part a good person."\line "I\'85 am a fool!"\line "And an idiot. Now having learned that, you should learn your place. There's an unknown rythm in the universe. A rythm that binds all things\'85"\line A sudden realization has come to Descartes. There's something else that's made him fail. It wasn't his fault!\line The final prank of the Prankster God was to never trully leave the dream after all.\par
}
 