{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1045{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset238 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang21 A group of knights and nobles approach\f1\lang1045 ed\f0\lang21  the\f1\lang1045 ir home\f0\lang21  citadel - Lucilinburhuc. The\f1\lang1045 y've returned from the war as heroes\f0\lang21 , and \f1\lang1045 they were to be celebrated as such\f0\lang21 .\f1\lang1045  \f0\lang21 The sky was a friend the evening they got there.\line The simple people cheered for them as they crossed the gates, a big festival awaited them at the market square. Every one of them was assigned the finest rooms to rest and bathe, and in a few hours, the great ball would begin. And with it a monstrous calamity \f1\lang1045 would \f0\lang21 be set in motion.\par
Ludwig was well rested and ready when \f1\lang1045 the stars begun a dance of their own, the celestial ball slowly swirnling around the crescent moon\f0\lang21 . He was excited to \f1\lang1045 meet \f0\lang21 princess Lepidia, The Gossamer Rose of Lucilinburhu\f1\lang1045 c, known across the land for her beauty and grace\f0\lang21 .\line The banquet was barely starting. \f1\lang1045 He felt a great deal of ease and relief, being able to wear something comfortable and elegant after months of filth and warfare\f0\lang21 . The \f1\lang1045 band of court musicians \f0\lang21 was providing a quiet\f1\lang1045  and gentle\f0\lang21  background for the ongoing gossip, jokes and flirtation. Ludwig was not yet aware \f1\lang1045 of the many \f0\lang21 eyes\f1\lang1045  \f0\lang21 on him, volupt\f1\lang1045 u\f0\lang21 ously evaluating hi\f1\lang1045 s physique\f0\lang21 . No, he was still stunned by the sensory overload of the situation - the flowers, the finely crafted furniture, the tastefully lined tiles of the dance floor, the wonderfully harmonious music, the meticulously decorated cage dresses, all the names and faces he needed to be aware of.\f1\lang1045  \f0\lang21 The room was full of wigs and perfume, and the white face powder was so abundant, it became a subtle mist in the air, making it slightly harder to see and breathe, \f1\lang1045 making him glance longingly at \f0\lang21 the glassy dome of \f1\lang1045 the\f0\lang21  ceiling,\f1\lang1045  the one place\f0\lang21  \f1\lang1045 where the air was clear\f0\lang21 .  The people slowly began to fill the parquet, and Ludwig\f1\lang1045  soon followed\f0\lang21 , but \f1\lang1045 not before tasting\f0\lang21  \f1\lang1045 various delicacies presented on the tables along the way\f0\lang21 , then wash\f1\lang1045 ing\f0\lang21  it all down with a sizeable glass of wine.\line He looked around, and \f1\lang1045 soon enough \f0\lang21 found a young dame idling by \f1\lang1045 a\f0\lang21  table. He walked up to her, bowed as graciously as he \f1\lang1045 remembered how to\f0\lang21 , and\f1\lang1045  asked\f0\lang21  while gently extending his hand:\line "Shall we?"\line She blushed slightly\f1\lang1045 ,\f0\lang21  \f1\lang1045 then accepted his offer after a moment of coquettish hesitation\f0\lang21 .\line "\f1\lang1045 Ah, the sweet\f0\lang21  spectacle of \f1\lang1045 nuance\f0\lang21 " he thought to himself\f1\lang1045 .\f0\lang21  "In this savage world, only we, the human kind, can display such\f1\lang1045  elegance and\f0\lang21  sophistication, so let's \f1\lang1045 embody\f0\lang21  a bold example!"\line The music\f1\lang1045  trilled and warbled\f0\lang21  in gracious thirds while they swayed elegantly, focused on the art and the performance, each putting up the best act they could, spiting the\f1\lang1045  savage\f0\lang21  world\f1\lang1045  just\f0\lang21  outside the walls in unison.\line While giving his all, he was surprised \f1\lang1045 by a \f0\lang21 tap on \f1\lang1045 his\f0\lang21  shoulder. He quickly came to his senses and turnt around to see who's so eager to dance with him next\f1\lang1045 ,\f0\lang21  and was stunned to see an innocent, radiatingly beautiful face - princess Lepidia herself. He gently grabbed her hand, \f1\lang1045 then \f0\lang21 they bowed to each other and he spoke barely coherently:\line "I'm hono\f1\lang1045 u\f0\lang21 red."\line She covered her giggling mouth and looked at him with the dark, smiling eyes that could melt anybody's heart.\line "You seem more perplexed than anything" she said, still amused. "Are you by any chance\f1\lang1045  that famous\f0\lang21  Ludwig, the savior of eastern Pago?"\line "Yes, I\f1\lang1045  am\f0\lang21  certainly Ludwig. \f1\lang1045 As for \f0\lang21 the rest\f1\lang1045  - not so sure\f0\lang21 , \f1\lang1045 may \f0\lang21 the chroniclers decide."\line "\f1\lang1045 Humble and thoughtful, I am pleasantly surprised.\f0\lang21 " She smiled, visibly having fun.\line "\f1\lang1045 Thank goodness, I'd hate to be known as a boastful brute\f0\lang21 ."\line\f1\lang1045 She giggled. \f0\lang21 "\f1\lang1045 Well then, who would you like to be known as? Who \i are\i0  you, Ludwig?" \f0\lang21 He had to give it a moment of thought,\f1\lang1045  as\f0\lang21  he wasn't sure himself.\f1\lang1045  Both her question and her eyes pierced into his soul with unrelenting curiosity, surprising him as her aura of kindness and dignity lulled his expectations into assuming the interaction between them will be full of fake smiles and empty words.\f0\lang21\line "A painter. I'd like to be a painter\f1\lang1045  of grand renown\f0\lang21 . And I \i love\i0  your dress."\f1\lang1045  He commented, his eyes wandering across the intricately decorated surface of pure whiteness, the detail easily missable from afar.\f0\lang21\line "Ah thank you\f1\lang1045 !\f0\lang21  \f1\lang1045 M\f0\lang21 y tailors truly did a splendid job\f1\lang1045 .\f0\lang21  \f1\lang1045 But w\f0\lang21 hy would an artist go to war? \f1\lang1045 Did you seek \f0\lang21 beauty \f1\lang1045 among the\f0\lang21  carnage?"\line "\f1\lang1045 No. I did it to establish my noble status through military service. It's nothing else but the harsh reality of what it takes to become someone of note nowadays.\f0\lang21 "\line "A\f1\lang1045 n artist born through \f0\lang21 bloodshed? \f1\lang1045 What a grand, \f0\lang21 poetic\f1\lang1045  image.\f0\lang21  \f1\lang1045 I admire \f0\lang21 your resolve and perseverance\f1\lang1045 , Ludwig\f0\lang21 ."\line "Thank you, my lady" he said humbly, nodding his head. He felt a very delicate kiss on his cheek, making him suddenly open his eyes in surprise.\line "You\f1\lang1045  are\f0\lang21  fun, but I have other matters to attend to. May we meet again, Ludwig the Painter!" She walked away with delightful \f1\lang1045 pep\f0\lang21 , while he stood there stunned. After\f1\lang1045  coming back to his senses\f0\lang21 , he looked around to assess the situation. The dances have become closer, a bit more personal and... intimate. After the prin\f1\lang1045 c\f0\lang21 ess was gone, a few ladies started to approach him too, with \f1\lang1045 apparent\f0\lang21  lecherous intent. He started dancing with them one by one, each \f1\lang1045 trying to steal his heart and body \f0\lang21 for the night. Everyone was becoming less and less tactful,\f1\lang1045  failing to\f0\lang21  hi\f1\lang1045 de\f0\lang21  obscene desires under the guise of civility. The moment the princess ha\f1\lang1045 d\f0\lang21  left the hall, one of the men pounced on\f1\lang1045 to\f0\lang21  his lady partner and started to undress them both, \f1\lang1045 then \f0\lang21 proceed\f1\lang1045 ed\f0\lang21  to \f1\lang1045 take\f0\lang21  her then and there. Everyone started laughing at first, but then joined the fun, and so a festival of \f1\lang1045 high class and elegance \f0\lang21 was turnt into a\f1\lang1045 n\f0\lang21  unsightly orgy of flesh. Ludwig\f1\lang1045 , too, slowly began to succumb to bodily temptations, creeping towards the crowd to join in\f0\lang21 . The room now was full of naked people changing partners every few minutes, moaning and groaning with no shame, some even dancing around\f1\lang1045  while\f0\lang21  \f1\lang1045 flinging\f0\lang21  feces \f1\lang1045 around\f0\lang21 . There was laughter and depravity, and even the tired gaze of the indifferent moon was ashamed to witness this through the glass ceiling.\line The palace doors were opened once more, and the princess was shocked by what was there. She slowly and reluctantly stepped inside the \f1\lang1045 reeking\f0\lang21  hall of mostly passed out lunatics.\line Ludwig, mostly naked, hid in the corner. It broke his heart to see \f1\lang1045 the\f0\lang21  pure lady\f1\lang1045 's\f0\lang21  disgusted\f1\lang1045  expression\f0\lang21 , even though he just thought of her lustily a few minutes ago while satisfying himself in a different woman. \f1\lang1045 Now \f0\lang21 all he had was shameful clarity.\line He saw a man stand up behing her, old, dirty and \f1\lang1045 out of shape.\f0\lang21  \f1\lang1045 H\f0\lang21 e walked slowly, drunken, reached\f1\lang1045  out with\f0\lang21  his hand, visibly wanting to use her. Ludwig was furious. He stood up, ran to her, when suddenly, the moon itself fell on the man, knocking Ludwig back and showering the floor with glass pieces.\line After \f1\lang1045 being stopped by\f0\lang21  the wall he tried his hardest to focus on what\f1\lang1045 's in front of him\f0\lang21 . The moon was not alone. Someone\f1\lang1045  was\f0\lang21  holding it. A tall, shadowy creature. It moved slowly, posed in a way that defies gravity. It bowed and reached out to \f1\lang1045 the princess\f0\lang21 , then spoke with a voice that sounded like \f1\lang1045 the \f0\lang21 shimmering\f1\lang1045  of glass dust\f0\lang21 :\line "Were my eyes not hollowed, would I perceive... your untouched beauty and angelic grace! Dear lady, grant me this dance, and your life shall end old."\line Hesitant, she reached out to it, but once they touched, she became tranquil and peaceful, even slightly joyful. She was dancing beautifully while \f1\lang1045 the creature\f0\lang21  was stomping around slowly, as if it was under water, reaping the sinners around with the crescent sickle of the moon. Terrified Ludwig dressed himself up quickly and hid, curled up in a ball. The spectacle was unbelievable - the blade was cutting through the piles of bodies effortlessly, while the nightmare wielder danced slowly and graciously, not putting much force into the swings. It was as if all earthly matter was like water to it, no matter if it's air or solid rocks. While the instrumentalists were already dead, the echoes of their craft filled the hall just for them and their feverish dance. It seemed as the worldly rules were abandoning the princess too, making her light and floaty. In the final pirouette she's descended onto the mundane floor, while her strange partner bowed in an impossible direction and ascended back to its heavenly place. Mesmerised, Ludwig found himself leaning heavily on the wall behind him, breathing like a scared rabbit. The princess looked at him with sorr\f1\lang1045 owful\f0\lang21  eyes:\line "And indeed, we do meet again. Fate \f1\lang1045 has spared\f0\lang21  you this night, and I believe there is significance to be found in this. You should go now, before your cosmic debt comes crashing down on your head. This is not a place of fortune, not anymore."\line "Thank you, my lady..." he said quietly and just left. She spent the rest of the night weeping, kneeling amidst the ruin of her people. The \f1\lang1045 beautiful\f0\lang21  Rose to contrast humanity's ugly, unmasked face.\par
Ludwig's spent the next weeks in the attic of his old house, at the edge of the woods, honing his artistic craft. The house was brimming with an intense scent of oil paint, the rooms one by one getting filled with canvases, which themselves were filled with struggle. He obsessed about composition and color schemes almost constantly, neglecting his nutrition as the quest torwards elusive perfection raged on. He longed for a god's hand to guide his, to paint truth devoid of distorting lenses of perspective. To be absolute.\line His reverberating thoughts and desires started to distort in their staleness, as his paintings have become increasingly e\f1\lang1045 c\f0\lang21 centric and exoting, trying to capture the ungraspable and\f1\lang1045  \f0\lang21 unimaginable. He spent countless days and nights chasing a dream, trying to step beyond the blatant, and soon the flow and structure of time itself was lost to him, all there was - him chasing a tantalizing promise of peeking behind the reality's curtain. Godlike ambition in human fraility, a tragedy waiting to happen.\line Gradually all has lost its gradual\f1\lang1045 ity\f0\lang21 . He was sliding from state to state, with fever being the artistic medium. His senses were shut to all that he deemed irrelevant, completely losing track of everything. His compulsive obsession seemed to start paying off, his unyielding drive was drawing him closer to gods, he \f1\lang1045 was sure about\f0\lang21  soon \f1\lang1045 reaching their heights\f0\lang21 . Ignoring pain, ignoring the past, the battlefields he's painted red and the lowly birth, he pushed on, painting on top of old paintings, making everything more and more perfect, spiraling into the absolute. The moment of his final stroke finally came, and \f1\lang1045 through his\f0\lang21  ringing ears and \f1\lang1045 terribly\f0\lang21  aching body came a realization - his perfect creation was framed in a mirror, his magnum opus was of macabre and defilement. There he lied - scarred, cold, bare, alone. Shards of glass decorating his flesh, body disfigured to embody disgust, a living nightmare. Was this his grand rebirth?\line "\f1\lang1045 Admit \f0\lang21 it", spoke an alien whisper in his head. "Native to a narrow space, you crave anautonomy" it said mockingly.\line "What?" Ludwig was confused, but as he regained his senses, fear started setting \f1\lang1045 in\f0\lang21 .\line "A mere glance was enough to see my trespass in the breaking mind of yours, but you were to busy with your puny pursuit to take notice."\line "Am I dreaming?"\line "Does it matter? Dreams are but a mirror, all\f1\lang1045  that's\f0\lang21  holding you back is \f1\lang1045 the reflection in your way\f0\lang21 , \f1\lang1045 barring you from the other side. B\f0\lang21 ut I... I don't have a reflection. For me the dream and the waking world are one and the same." Ludwig felt the presence nesting in his synaptic crevices, making his mind its new home.\line "Squatter, be off with you!" \line His desperate scream was answered only by laughter. The here and now slid out of focus, the world reduced to the struggle between the two residents of Ludwig's mind.\line "To be born in a privilege does not mean to earn it. To have a sickness does not mean to get a cure." The voice was turning more and more malicious. Ludwig's body started to move \f1\lang1045 against his will\f0\lang21 . He was being reduced to a mere passenger, while the nightmarish parasite has become the new master of their fate.\line "I\f1\lang1045  wi\f0\lang21 ll soon forget you\f1\lang1045 .\f0\lang21 " said the sinister, sadistic voice. "\f1\lang1045 A\f0\lang21 fter all, it's just a matter of life..."\line "It was... just a matter... of life!" Ludwig coughed out his\f1\lang1045  maddened\f0\lang21  final words, but they\f1\lang1045  \f0\lang21 drowned in the manic laughter of his tormentor. Then he\f1\lang1045 'd\f0\lang21  lost all\f1\lang1045  of his\f0\lang21  remaining grasp of reality, his senses shut down, all there was - a blackness of a delusional mind, the emptiness nearing non-existence. Where was he?\line He started hearing something in the distance, some kind of noise. It was drawing nearer. Laughter. Thousands laughing. A tornado of laughter. He started to regain sight, only to find an incomprehensible space, not meant for sane human eyes. There indeed was a green vortex approaching from afar. Thousands of insane souls dancing, celebrating. And amidst them...\line "Oh no, she's awake!"\line A green, translucent woman was leading her herd towards Ludwig, from hips down being a giant jellyfish that at first glance looked like a weird cage dress. Her face expressed the impossible mixture of kindness and indifference. He knew her from the many legends - Mistress Nausea, Dementia. Lady Madness. Her impossible song started to entrance him too.\line "Are you lost, my child?" she spoke softly through her song.\line "I know your tricks. I do not submit!"\line She looked at him slightly amused.\line "Your will is your own..."\line She left, but her pupils stayed, and started tormenting him with a hurricane of voices. He struggled with all his \f1\lang1045 willpower \f0\lang21 to stay sane, but his liquid face was slowly seeping through his fingers, his identity slowly lost. Aeons have passed, after the tremendous distress all that was left was his bare humanity. A shadow was cast on his tormented mind, he immediately looked up and muttered:\line "M-mother?"\par
"Am I as naught? Would I solely be a mere collage of regrets?"\line "\f1\lang1045 Pitiful creature, even with your soul stripped bare, the ambition remains. Such a cruel fate, to take your restless search beyond the grave." A chuckle of dark amusement escaped her lips.\f0\lang21\line "Would you guide me, to gaze and to see what I could achieve? Let me marvel at myself as the absolute entity and carry me towards the pinnacle of knowledge?"\line "My sweet child, of course I could... Although\f1\lang1045  be warned, it is a path that can be walked only one way."\f0\lang21\line "\f1\lang1045 Greatness? Reaching the absolute? Why would I back down?"\f0\lang21\line The green lady stared at him with deep pity, for he was most ambitious while being as ignorant as the rest of his kind.\line "\f1\lang1045 Your choice seems to be made\f0\lang21 . \f1\lang1045 B\f0\lang21 etake yourself\f1\lang1045  then,\f0\lang21  to experience majesty!"\line She disappeared in echoing laughter as he appeared in an infinite space closed in a sphere. What was its content\f1\lang1045 s\f0\lang21 ? Knowledge. Pure truth about everything. He started consuming zealously, dancing around in joy.\line "I am God! The only one that ever was! And ever will be!" he yelled into the void, entirely absorbed in his hubris. He felt\f1\lang1045  euphoric,\f0\lang21  \f1\lang1045 as if he was\f0\lang21  deflowering knowledge itself, being the master of Truth and using her in any way he desired.\line "Pitiable little imbecile, audacious and avid..." said the green lady, observing him from beyond the space. She witnessed it time and time again, as men\f1\lang1045  passionately\f0\lang21  wished for their demise. This is the fatal allure of ambition, and as long as humanity exists, this won't stop reoccuring. And who is she to interfere with nature\f1\lang1045 , to\f0\lang21  stop this madness? Especially if she \f1\lang1045 was the spider that waits in the web of knowledge\f0\lang21 ? She smiled slightly at the complex tragedy of her new foster child. "That's life" she thought.\line As he became god among men, he started to realize, that perfection meant completion. He desperately sought the answers that would complete him, but there were none\f1\lang1045 , as his kind was never meant to achieve completion.\f0\lang21  \f1\lang1045 E\f0\lang21 ven at the top of creation there's an emptiness to behold, and that was a reality he couldn't take in all \f1\lang1045 of \f0\lang21 its horror.\line "I beg for being whole again", he screamed. "I pine for being sane again!! Hear me...?"\line\f1\lang1045 The answer never came.\f0\lang21\par
Ludwig's disfigured body wandered the land under the parasite's guidance. An ill soul in an ill body. Another nightmare was born.\par
}
 