{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1045{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang21 The sky was a friend the evening they got there. A group of knights and nobles approaching the citadel - Lucilinburhuc. The war was over for them, and the time has come for a well deserved celebration.\line The simple people cheered for them as they crossed the gates, a big festival awaited them at the market square. Every one of them was assigned the finest rooms to rest and bathe, and in a few hours, the great ball would begin. And with it a monstrous calamity will be set in motion.\par
Ludwig was well rested and ready when the efflorescence of stars started to cover the celestial face, lazily dancing around the crescent moon. He was excited to witness firsthand the beauty of princess Lepidia, that's become known across the land, and earned her the title of "The Gossamer Rose of Lucilinburhuc".\line The banquet was barely starting. It felt great to him, to step in fresh, wearing festive, luxurious garments. The orchestra, consisting of a flutist, drummer, strings quartet, accordeonist and a harpsicordist, was providing a quiet background for the ongoing gossip, jokes and slight flirtation. The room was full of wigs and perfume, and the white face powder was so abundant, it became a subtle mist in the air, making it slightly harder to see and breathe, unless you looked directly upwards, throught the glassy dome of a ceiling, at the starry night - then the air was almost clear. Ludwig was not yet aware that he had eyes of many dames and maids already on him, voluptiously evaluating him as a man - a young, military hero, quite good looking too. No, he was still stunned by the sensory overload of the situation - the flowers, the finely crafted furniture, the tastefully lined tiles of the dance floor, the wonderfully harmonious music, the meticulously decorated cage dresses, all the names and faces he needed to be aware of. The people slowly began to fill the parquet, and doing so was also in Ludwig's fancy, but first he ate a bit here and there, then washed it all down with a sizeable glass of wine.\line He looked around, and in a moment found a young dame idling by the table. He walked up to her, bowed as graciously as he could, and while gently extending his hand asked: \line "Shall we?"\line She blushed very slightly and was more than eager to accept.\line "This is what this is," he thought to himself, "a spectacle of civility. In this savage world, only we, the human kind, can display such sophistication, so let's be a bold example!"\line The music's flown in gracious thirds while they swayed elegantly, focused on the art and the performance, each putting up the best act they could, spiting the world outside the walls in unison.\line While giving his all, he was surprised to get tapped on the shoulder. He quickly came to his senses and recognized this gesture as an "excuse me", he turnt around to see who's so eager to dance with him next and was stunned to see an innocent, radiatingly beautiful face - princess Lepidia herself. He gently grabbed her hand, they bowed to each other, and he spoke barely coherently: \line "I'm honored."\line She covered her giggling mouth and looked at him with the dark, smiling eyes that could melt anybody's heart.\line "You seem more perplexed than anything" she said, still amused. "Are you by any chance Ludwig, the war hero, savior of eastern Pago?"\line "Yes, I'm certainly Ludwig. Not so sure about the rest, I'll let the chroniclers decide."\line "Not a thoughtless hunk of meat, are you?" She smiled, visibly having fun.\line "Hopefully not, not what I want to be remembered as."\line "Then how do you wish to be remembered?"\line He had to give it a moment of thought, he wasn't sure himself. While wondering, he looked mesmerized at her dress - pure, simplistic white, yet covered in intricate tiny decorations, reserved only for the most observant. Despite being supported by a cage, it seemed to cause her no inconvenience, even in dance.\line "A painter. I'd like to be a renowned painter. And I love your dress."\line "Ah thank you, my tailors truly did a splendid job to please an artist! Why would an artist go to war though? Is there beauty to be found in carnage?"\line "No, not for me. It's that I knew I need to work for my noble status, so I took the shortest route."\line "A shortcut through bloodshed? Now that's poetic! But it's sure admirable, your resolve and perseverance."\line "Thank you, my lady" he said humbly, nodding his head. He felt a very delicate kiss on his cheek, making him suddenly open his eyes in surprise.\line "You're fun, but I have other matters to attend to. May we meet again, Ludwig the Painter!" She walked away with delightful cheer, while he stood there stunned. After a while of regaining his senses and reminding himself he's at a ceremony, he looked around to assess the situation. The dances have become closer, a bit more personal and... intimate. After the priness was gone, a few ladies started to approach him too, with a rather lecherous intent. He started dancing with them one by one, each submissive and wanting to be the one he honors for the night. Everyone was becoming less and less tactful and discrete, hiding obscene desires under the guise of civility. The moment the princess has left the hall, one of the men pounced on his lady partner and started to undress them both, only to proceed to pound her then and there. Everyone started laughing at first, but then joined the fun, and so a festival of civility was turnt into a grotesque, unsightly orgy of flesh. Ludwig's lust took over him too, soon enough, and he became a part of the crowd, losing more and more restraint with each moment. The room now was full of naked people changing partners every few minutes, moaning and groaning with no shame, some even dancing around throwing feces in random directions. There was laughter and depravity, and even the tired gaze of the indifferent moon was ashamed to witness this through the glass ceiling.\line The palace doors were opened once more, and the princess was shocked by what was there. She slowly and reluctantly stepped inside the smelly hall of mostly passed out lunatics.\line Ludwig, mostly naked, hid in the corner. It broke his heart to see his pure lady disgusted, even though he just thought of her lustily a few minutes ago while satisfying himself in a different woman. Not now though, now all he had was shameful clarity.\line He saw a man stand up behing her, old, dirty and slightly fat, he walked slowly, drunken, reached his hand, visibly wanting to use her. Ludwig was furious. He stood up, ran to her, when suddenly, the moon itself fell on the man, also knocking Ludwig back and showering the floor with glass pieces.\line After hitting the wall he tried his hardest to focus on what he saw. The moon was not alone. Someone's holding it. A tall, shadowy creature. It moved slowly, posed in a way that defies gravity. It bowed and reached out to her, then spoke with a voice that sounded like broken glass shimmering:\line "Were my eyes not hollowed, would I perceive... your untouched beauty and angelic grace! Dear lady, grant me this dance, and your life shall end old."\line Hesitant, she reached out to it, but once they touched, she became tranquil and peaceful, even slightly joyful. She was dancing beautifully while it was stomping around slowly, as if it was under water, reaping the sinners around with the crescent sickle of the moon. Terrified Ludwig dressed himself up quickly and hid, curled up in a ball. The spectacle was unbelievable - the blade was cutting through the piles of bodies effortlessly, while the nightmare wielder danced slowly and graciously, not putting much force into the swings. It was as if all earthly matter was like water to it, no matter if it's air or solid rocks. While the instrumentalists were already dead, the echoes of their craft filled the hall just for them and their feverish dance. It seemed as the worldly rules were abandoning the princess too, making her light and floaty. In the final pirouette she's descended onto the mundane floor, while her strange partner bowed in an impossible direction and ascended back to its heavenly place. Mesmerised, Ludwig found himself leaning heavily on the wall behind him, breathing like a scared rabbit. The princess looked at him with sorry eyes:\line "And indeed, we do meet again, Ludwig the Painter. Fate cared for you this night, and I believe there is significance to be found in this. You should go now, before your cosmic debt comes crashing down on your head. This is not a place of fortune, not anymore."\line "Thank you, my lady..." he said quietly and just left. She spent the rest of the night weeping, kneeling amidst the ruin of her people. The Gossamer Rose to contrast the humanity's ugly, unmasked face.\par
Ludwig's spent the next weeks in the attic of his old house, at the edge of the woods, honing his artistic craft. The house was brimming with an intense scent of oil paint, the rooms one by one getting filled with canvases, which themselves were filled with struggle. He obsessed about composition and color schemes almost constantly, neglecting his nutrition as the quest torwards elusive perfection raged on. He longed for a god's hand to guide his, to paint truth devoid of distorting lenses of perspective. To be absolute.\line His reverberating thoughts and desires started to distort in their staleness, as his paintings have become increasingly excentric and exoting, trying to capture the ungraspable and unimaginable. He spent countless days and nights chasing a dream, trying to step beyond the blatant, and soon the flow and structure of time itself was lost to him, all there was - him chasing a tantalizing promise of peeking behind the reality's curtain. Godlike ambition in human fraility, a tragedy waiting to happen.\line Gradually all has lost its gradualness. He was sliding from state to state, with fever being the artistic medium. His senses were shut to all that he deemed irrelevant, completely losing track of everything. His compulsive obsession seemed to start paying off, his unyielding drive was drawing him closer to gods, he knew soon he'll be there. Ignoring pain, ignoring the past, the battlefields he's painted red and the lowly birth, he pushed on, painting on top of old paintings, making everything more and more perfect, spiraling into the absolute. The moment of his final stroke finally came, and in ringing ears and ungodly aching body came a realization - his perfect creation was framed in a mirror, his magnum opus was of macabre and defilement. There he lied - scarred, cold, bare, alone. Shards of glass decorating his flesh, body disfigured to embody disgust, a living nightmare. Was this his grand rebirth?\line "Just say it", spoke an alien whisper in his head. "Native to a narrow space, you crave anautonomy" it said mockingly.\line "What?" Ludwig was confused, but as he regained his senses, fear started setting in too.\line "A mere glance was enough to see my trespass in the breaking mind of yours, but you were to busy with your puny pursuit to take notice."\line "Am I dreaming?"\line "Does it matter? Dreams are but a mirror, all holding you back is your reflection pushing you away with equal force, so you can't cross the barrier of worlds, but I... I don't have a reflection. For me the dream and the waking world are one and the same." Ludwig felt the presence nesting in his synaptic crevices, making his mind its new home.\line "Wraith, don't you try to entrench yourself! Squatter, be off with you!" \line His desperate scream was answered only by laughter. The here and now slid out of focus, the world reduced to the struggle between the two residents of Ludwig's mind.\line "To be born into a privilege does not mean to earn it. To have a sickness does not mean to get a cure." The voice was turning more and more malicious. Ludwig's body started to move more and more with no will of his own. He was being reduced to a mere passenger, while the nightmarish parasite has become the new master of their fate.\line "I'll soon forget you, since replacement thrives best on the void" said the sinister, sadistic voice. "It's far too late, and after all, it's just a matter of life..."\line "It was... just a matter... of life!" Ludwig coughed out his final words, but they drowned in the manic laughter of his tormentor. Then he's lost all remaining grasp of reality, his senses shut down, all there was - a blackness of a delusional mind, the emptiness nearing non-existence. Where was he?\line He started hearing something in the distance, some kind of noise. It was drawing nearer. Laughter. Thousands laughing. A tornado of laughter. He started to regain sight, only to find an incomprehensible space, not meant for sane human eyes. There indeed was a green vortex approaching from afar. Thousands of insane souls dancing, celebrating. And amidst them...\line "Oh no, she's awake!"\line A green, translucent woman was leading her herd towards Ludwig, from hips down being a giant jellyfish that at first glance looked like a weird cage dress. Her face expressed the impossible mixture of kindness and indifference. He knew her from the many legends - Mistress Nausea, Dementia. Lady Madness. Her impossible song started to entrance him too.\line "Are you lost, my child?" she spoke softly through her song.\line "I know your tricks. I do not submit!"\line She looked at him slightly amused.\line "Your will is your own..."\line She left, but her pupils stayed, and started tormenting him with a hurricane of voices. He struggled with all his might to stay sane, but his liquid face was slowly seeping through his fingers, his identity slowly lost. Aeons have passed, after the tremendous distress all that was left was his bare humanity. A shadow was cast on his tormented mind, he immediately looked up and muttered:\line "M-mother?"\par
"Am I as naught? Would I solely be a mere collage of regrets?"\line "Your soul is bare, yet ambition still there, what a pitiful creature falls under my care."\line "Would you guide me, to gaze and to see what I could achieve? Let me marvel at myself as the absolute entity and carry me towards the pinnacle of knowledge?"\line "My sweet child, of course I could... Although there's one thing you ought to heed - your most squalid sense shall be what I need."\line "Is that it? Nothing more? So take it from me!"\line The green lady stared at him with deep pity, for he was the most ambitious while being as ignorant as the rest of his kind.\line "I choose your sense of hearing, my son, as the key to your ever-verdant plains of wisdom. And now betake yourself to experience majesty!"\line She disappeared in echoing laughter as he appeared in an infinite space closed in a sphere. What was its content? Knowledge. Pure truth about everything. He started consuming zealously, dancing around in joy.\line "I am God! The only one that ever was! And ever will be!" he yelled into the void, entirely absorbed in his hubris. He felt like deflowering knowledge itself, being the master of Truth and using her in any way he desired.\line "Pitiable little imbecile, audacious and avid..." said the green lady, observing him from beyond the space. She witnessed it time and time again, as men wished for their demise passionately. This is the fatal allure of ambition, and as long as humanity exists, this won't stop reoccuring. And who is she to interfere with nature and stop this madness? Especially if she herself feeds on the madness of the world? She smiled slightly at the complex tragedy of her new foster child. "That's life" she thought.\line As he became god among men, he started to realize, that perfection meant completion, and he was not complete anymore. He desperately sought the answers that would complete him, but there were none, even at the top of creation there's an emptiness to behold, and that was a reality he couldn't take in all its horror.\line "I beg for being whole again", he screamed. "I pine for being sane again!! Hear me...?"\line He never heard the answer.\par
Ludwig's disfigured body wandered the land under the parasite's guidance. An ill soul in an ill body. Another nightmare was born.\par
}
 