A group of knights and nobles approached their home citadel - Lucilinburhuc. They've returned from the war as heroes, and they were to be celebrated as such. The sky was a friend the evening they got there.  
The simple people cheered for them as they crossed the gates, a big festival awaited them at the market square. Every one of them was assigned the finest rooms to rest and bathe, and in a few hours, the great ball would begin. And with it a monstrous calamity would be set in motion.

Ludwig was well rested and ready when the stars begun a dance of their own, the celestial ball slowly swirnling around the crescent moon. He was excited to meet princess Lepidia, The Gossamer Rose of Lucilinburhuc, known across the land for her beauty and grace.  
The banquet was barely starting. He felt a great deal of ease and relief, being able to wear something comfortable and elegant after months of filth and warfare. The band of court musicians was providing a quiet and gentle background for the ongoing gossip, jokes and flirtation. Ludwig was not yet aware of the many eyes on him, voluptuously evaluating his physique. No, he was still stunned by the sensory overload of the situation - the flowers, the finely crafted furniture, the tastefully lined tiles of the dance floor, the wonderfully harmonious music, the meticulously decorated cage dresses, all the names and faces he needed to be aware of. The room was full of wigs and perfume, and the white face powder was so abundant, it became a subtle mist in the air, making it slightly harder to see and breathe, making him glance longingly at the glassy dome of the ceiling, the one place where the air was clear. The people slowly began to fill the parquet, and Ludwig soon followed, but not before tasting various delicacies presented on the tables along the way, then washing it all down with a sizeable glass of wine.  
He looked around, and soon enough found a young dame idling by a table. He walked up to her, bowed as graciously as he remembered how to, and asked while gently extending his hand:  
"Shall we?"  
She blushed slightly, then accepted his offer after a moment of coquettish hesitation.  
"Ah, the sweet spectacle of nuance and tenderness" he thought to himself. "In this savage world, only we, the human kind, can display such elegance and sophistication, so let's embody a bold example!"  
The music trilled and warbled in gracious thirds while they swayed elegantly, focused on the art and the performance, each putting up the best act they could, spiting the savage world just outside the walls in unison.  
Absorbed by the dance, he was surprised by a tap on his shoulder. He quickly came to his senses and turnt around to see who's so eager to dance with him next, and was stunned to see an innocent, radiatingly beautiful face - princess Lepidia herself. He gently grabbed her hand, then they bowed to each other and he spoke barely coherently:  
"I'm honoured."  
She covered her giggling mouth and looked at him with the dark, smiling eyes that could melt anybody's heart.  
"You seem more perplexed than anything" she said, still amused. "Are you by any chance that famous Ludwig, the savior of eastern Pago?"  
"Yes, I am certainly Ludwig. As for the rest - not so sure, may the chroniclers decide."  
"Humble and thoughtful, I am pleasantly surprised." She smiled, visibly having fun.  
"Thank goodness, I'd hate to be known as a boastful brute."  
She giggled. "Well then, who would you like to be known as? Who are you, Ludwig?" Both her question and her eyes pierced into his soul with unrelenting curiosity, surprising him as her aura of kindness and dignity lulled his expectations into assuming the interaction between them will be full of fake smiles and empty words. He had to give her question a moment of thought, as he wasn't sure himself.  
"A painter. I'd like to be a painter of grand renown. And I love your dress." He commented, his eyes wandering across the intricately decorated surface of pure whiteness, the detail easily missable from afar.  
"Ah thank you! My tailors truly did a splendid job. But why would an artist go to war? Did you seek beauty among the carnage?"  
"No. I did it to establish my noble status through military service. It's nothing else but the harsh reality of what it takes to become someone of note nowadays."  
"An artist born through bloodshed? What a grand, poetic image. I admire your resolve and perseverance, Ludwig. You may be of low birth, but your deeds are telling of nobility."  
"Thank you, my lady" he said humbly, nodding his head. He felt a very delicate kiss on his cheek, making him suddenly open his eyes in surprise.  
"You are fun, but I have other matters to attend to. May we meet again, Ludwig the Painter!" She walked away with delightful pep, while he stood there stunned. After coming back to his senses, he looked around to assess the situation. The dances have become closer, a bit more personal and… intimate. After the princess was gone, a few ladies started to approach him too, with apparent lecherous intent. He started dancing with them one by one, each trying to steal his heart and body for the night. Everyone was becoming less and less tactful, failing to hide obscene desires under the guise of civility. The moment the princess had left the hall, one of the men pounced onto his lady partner and started to undress them both, then proceeded to take her then and there. Everyone started laughing at first, but then joined the fun, and so a festival of high class and elegance was turnt into an unsightly orgy of flesh. Ludwig, too, slowly began to succumb to bodily temptations, creeping towards the crowd to join in. The room now was full of naked people changing partners every few minutes, moaning and groaning with no shame, some even dancing around while flinging feces around. There was laughter and depravity, and even the tired gaze of the indifferent moon was ashamed to witness this through the glass ceiling.  
The palace doors were opened once more, and the princess was shocked by what was there. She slowly and reluctantly stepped inside the reeking hall of mostly passed out lunatics.  
Ludwig, mostly naked, hid in the corner. It broke his heart to see the pure lady's disgusted expression, even though he just thought of her lustily a few minutes ago while satisfying himself in a different woman. Now all he had was shameful clarity.  
He saw a man stand up behing her, old, dirty and out of shape. He walked slowly, drunken, reached out with his hand, visibly wanting to use her. Ludwig was furious. He stood up, ran to her, when suddenly, the moon itself fell on the man, knocking Ludwig back and showering the floor with glass pieces.  
After being stopped by the wall he tried his hardest to focus on what's in front of him. The moon was not alone. Someone was holding it. A tall, shadowy creature. It moved slowly, posed in a way that defies gravity. It bowed and reached out to the princess, then spoke with a voice that sounded like the shimmering of glass dust:  
"Were my eyes not hollowed, would I perceive… your untouched beauty and angelic grace! Dear lady, grant me this dance, and your life shall end old."  
Hesitant, she reached out to it, but once they touched, she became tranquil and peaceful, even slightly joyful. She was dancing beautifully while the creature was stomping around slowly, as if it was under water, reaping the sinners around with the crescent sickle of the moon. Terrified Ludwig dressed himself up quickly and hid, curled up in a ball. The spectacle was unbelievable - the blade was cutting through the piles of bodies effortlessly, while the nightmare wielder danced slowly and graciously, not putting much force into the swings. It was as if all earthly matter was like water to it, no matter if it's air or solid rocks. While the instrumentalists were already dead, the echoes of their craft filled the hall just for them and their feverish dance. It seemed as the worldly rules were abandoning the princess too, making her light and floaty. In the final pirouette she's descended onto the mundane floor, while her strange partner bowed in an impossible direction and ascended back to its heavenly place. Mesmerised, Ludwig found himself leaning heavily on the wall behind him, breathing like a scared rabbit. The princess looked at him with sorrowful eyes:  
"And indeed, we do meet again. Fate has spared you this night, and I believe there is significance to be found in this. You should go now, before your cosmic debt comes crashing down on your head. This is not a place of fortune, not anymore."  
"Thank you, my lady…" he said quietly and just left. She spent the rest of the night weeping, kneeling amidst the ruin of her people. The beautiful Rose to contrast humanity's ugly, unmasked face.

Ludwig's spent the next weeks in the attic of his old house, at the edge of the woods, honing his artistic craft. The house was brimming with an intense scent of oil paint, the rooms one by one getting filled with canvases, which themselves were filled with struggle. He obsessed about composition and color schemes almost constantly, neglecting his nutrition as the quest towards elusive perfection raged on. He longed for a god's hand to guide his, to paint truth devoid of distorting lenses of perspective. To be absolute.  
His reverberating thoughts and desires started to distort in their staleness, as his paintings have become increasingly eccentric and exoting, trying to capture the ungraspable and unimaginable. He spent countless days and nights chasing a dream, trying to step beyond the blatant, and soon the flow and structure of time itself was lost to him, all there was - him chasing a tantalizing promise of peeking behind the reality's curtain. Godlike ambition in human fraility, a tragedy waiting to happen.  
Gradually all has lost its graduality. He was sliding from state to state, with fever being the artistic medium. His senses were shut to all that he deemed irrelevant, completely losing track of everything. His compulsive obsession seemed to start paying off, his unyielding drive was drawing him closer to gods, he was sure about soon reaching their heights. Ignoring pain, ignoring the past, the battlefields he's painted red and the lowly birth, he pushed on, painting on top of old paintings, making everything more and more perfect, spiraling into the absolute. The moment of his final stroke finally came, and through his ringing ears and terribly aching body came a realization - his perfect creation was framed in a mirror, his magnum opus was of macabre and defilement. There he lied - scarred, cold, bare, alone. Shards of glass decorating his flesh, body disfigured to embody disgust, a living nightmare. Was this his grand rebirth?  
"Admit it", spoke an alien whisper in his head. "Native to a narrow space, you crave nonautonomy" it said mockingly.  
"What?" Ludwig was confused, but as he regained his senses, fear started setting in.  
"A mere glance was enough to see my trespass in the breaking mind of yours, but you were to busy with your puny pursuit to take notice."  
"Am I dreaming?"  
"Does it matter? Dreams are but a mirror, all that's holding you back is the reflection in your way, barring you from the other side. But I… I don't have a reflection. For me the dream and the waking world are one and the same." Ludwig felt the presence nesting in his synaptic crevices, making his mind its new home.  
"Squatter, be off with you!"  
His desperate scream was answered only by laughter. The here and now slid out of focus, the world reduced to the struggle between the two residents of Ludwig's mind.  
"To be born in a privilege does not mean to earn it. To have a sickness does not mean to get a cure." The voice was turning more and more malicious. Ludwig's body started to move against his will. He was being reduced to a mere passenger, while the nightmarish parasite has become the new master of their fate.  
"I will soon forget you." said the sinister, sadistic voice. "After all, it's just a matter of life…"  
"It was… just a matter… of life!" Ludwig coughed out his maddened final words, but they drowned in the manic laughter of his tormentor. Then he lost all of his remaining grasp of reality, his senses shut down, all there was - a blackness of a delusional mind, the emptiness nearing non-existence. Where was he?  
He started hearing something in the distance, some kind of noise. It was drawing nearer. Laughter. Thousands laughing. A tornado of laughter. He started to regain sight, only to find an incomprehensible space, not meant for sane human eyes. There indeed was a green vortex approaching from afar. Thousands of insane souls dancing, celebrating. And amidst them…  
"Oh no, she's awake!"  
A green, translucent woman was leading her herd towards Ludwig, from hips down being a giant jellyfish that at first glance looked like a weird cage dress. Her face expressed the impossible mixture of kindness and indifference. He knew her from the many legends - Mistress Nausea, Dementia. Lady Madness. Her impossible song started to entrance him too.  
"Are you lost, my child?" she spoke softly through her song.  
"I know your tricks. I do not submit!"  
She looked at him slightly amused.  
"Your will is your own…"  
She left him alone, leaving her pets behind, which started tormenting him with a hurricane of voices. He struggled with all his willpower to stay sane, but his liquid face was slowly seeping through his fingers, his identity slowly lost. Aeons have passed, after the tremendous distress all that was left was his bare humanity. A shadow was cast on his tormented mind, he immediately looked up and muttered:  
"M-mother?"

"Am I as naught? Would I solely be a mere collage of regrets?"  
"Pitiful creature, even with your soul stripped bare, the ambition remains. Such a cruel fate, to take your restless search beyond the grave." A chuckle of dark amusement escaped her lips.  
"Would you guide me, to gaze and to see what I could achieve? Let me marvel at myself as the absolute entity and carry me towards the pinnacle of knowledge?"  
"My sweet child, of course I could… Although be warned, it is a path that can be walked only one way."  
"A path of greatness? Reaching the absolute? I crave nothing else."  
The green lady stared at him with deep pity, for he was most ambitious while being as ignorant as the rest of his kind.  
"Your seem to have made up your mind. Preapare yourself then, to experience majesty!"  
She disappeared in echoing laughter as he appeared in an infinite space closed in a sphere. What was its contents? Knowledge. Pure truth about everything. He started consuming zealously, dancing around in joy.  
"I am God! The only one that ever was! And ever will be!" he yelled into the void, entirely absorbed in his hubris. He felt euphoric, as if he has subdued knowledge itself, holding absolute mastery over truth. The experience was borderline erotic.  
"Pitiable little imbecile, audacious and avid…" said the green lady, observing him from beyond the space. She witnessed it time and time again, as men passionately wished for their demise. This is the fatal allure of ambition, and as long as humanity exists, this won't stop reoccuring. And who is she to interfere with nature, to stop this madness? Especially if she was the spider that waits in the web of knowledge? She smiled slightly at the complex tragedy of her new foster child.  
As he became god among men, he started to realize, that perfection meant completion. He desperately sought the answers that would complete him, but there were none, as his kind was never meant to achieve completion. Even at the top of creation there's an emptiness to behold, and that was a reality he couldn't take in all of its horror.  
"I beg for being whole again", he screamed. "I pine for being sane again!! Hear me…?"  
The answer never came.

Ludwig's disfigured body wandered the land under the parasite's guidance. An ill soul in an ill body. Another nightmare was born.