"Do you know what my weakness is?" - the Green Lady asked. Ludwig shook his head in negation. "Boredom. Being bored kills my being. Thankfully, the world is a mad, chaotic place. An ever-shifting Madman's dream.  
Let me tell you a story. One day, a few of my children approached the veil of dreams and accidentally crossed it. They fell from the skies of your world, straight into the ocean, their souls solidified into adapted forms. And so, a new species was born."

It was the third week of Skylark's voyage, and the destination was close - the crew could tell by how often the ocean's floor was observable and how many birds started to show up in the skies. The bright wood galleon served well for over a decade now, so making it that far has put everyone on board at ease - sighting the shoreline was a matter of days now, maybe even hours. Ludwig was standing on the larboard, observing the sea and the hard-working crew. While being already twenty five summers old, his childlike curiosity never wavered in him - everything fascinated him, and he was eager to explore any subject both outwards and inwards. This made him an excellent researcher, and as such he served his monarchy. He spent the journey designing machines and studying the marine wildlife, but not putting his inventiveness to practice wore him more and more as the journey continued. He couldn't wait to get back to proper work, so approaching the bay lifted his spirit.  
A sudden phenomenon has grabbed his attention. Strands of colorful lights in the sky. Northern lights, in a moderate climate, in the broad daylight. Ludwig immediately grabbed the nearest spectacles and took a closer look. The colorful cracks in the sky were raining creatures. He could understand them as long as he gazed upon them, but his memory refused to record any of their qualities, save for one - they were green. They fell straight into the ocean. He hastily went to the map and was happy to find out they'll take a detour near the place of their fall to avoid a dangerous reef.  
After an hour they were finally approaching the area, northern light long gone, a slight mist filling the air. Ludwig observed the waters passionately. Suddenly, a distant song reached his ears. New voices joined in with each moment. Irresistible beauty. He barely noticed as his mind wandered off, and so did everyone else's. The sirens were occupying the reefs and rocks, and the ship was steered right at them. When Ludwig realized what's happening, it was too late - he was but a passenger of his puppeteered body. Malformed amalgamations of human and fish parts danced around the ship as the wooden hull began to crack. Splinters flew, people were flung around, Ludwig fell forcefully, and in the moment of bewilderment came sudden, unconscious clarity - he started to sing along. As the song endured, he was lulled by the monstrous choir, while his friends around were being tortured and eaten alive. When his consciousness fully returned, it was done - he stood alone among the destruction. Skylark and its people were no more.  
"You're now our brother in song, young fleshling" spoke an elderly, blind eyes face belonging to an unsightly monstrosity.  
"No, I'm not. I'm a creature of pride and ambition, the life you're offering me doesn't suit me at all."  
The choir laughed in an unearthly lament.  
"You're young and unaware of the world's clockwork doings. The moment you've revealed your true colors, a gear of destiny has shifted. It's exactly your pride and ambition that will bring you back to us."  
"Doubt it" he said, and passed out immediately after.

"Yes indeed, they are my children, no mistaking that. They too beckon the mortals with song, bring them to their demise" she said with a slight trace of pride in her tone.  
"Why are you so joyful about this? Don't you need the ill-minded alive to sustain yourself?"  
"Madness is but a path of senseless actions that bring you demise. My secret is: all life is madness in disguise. You don't really need to worry about me as long as people choose to see their delusions as proof of their superiority. As long as people believe in something, get attached - I'll be living strong and sound."

Ludwig woke up on a beach, hungry and dehydrated. As he opened his eyes, he's found himself surrounded by beached shells. He started flipping them over to check if something is living in them, yet unaware that this is not the type of nurture he'll ultimately get from them. He stood up with moderate effort and looked around, still dizzy. Thankfully, the bay city was in sight. After over an hour of a barefoot trek, he's reached the neatly cobbled streets. His miserable looks made people glance over, but he was in too great of a need to care. He's stumbled into the tavern and fell onto the bar.  
"Can I help you?"  
"Something to eat and drink please, anything" he responded, breathing heavily.  
"And how will you pay for that?"  
The question had Ludwig stunned, his misadventure made him completely forget the concept of money. After a moment of silence, disturbed only by his unstable breath,  
"I'll tell you all what monster has made me this way."  
The keeper looked at him with pity and suspicion.  
"I'll let this one slide because you're clearly in need. The story better be good!"

He's reached his residence by dusk. Tired and miserable, he took his clothes off and went straight to bed. As he undressed, something's hit the floor. He looked around and found it quickly. A shell. He took it in his hand, laid on his back and started examining it. A reminder of the catastrophe. The inward spiral, getting lost in its reverberation, like the past that's before us. What if instead of stepping inwards, the pattern would grow outwards?  
"What if…"  
At that moment everything clicked in his mind. There is a pattern. A ratio. A godly design, that once fully understood makes one absolute. He looked around and saw the influence of the spiral everywhere. His eyes have opened for the first time again. "Once I master what there is, I'll become what there'll be!"  
A god.  
He started scribbling like a madman, completely forgetting about his exhaustion. He could see what's behind this all, and even become it, but what did he need? He needed to assume the perfect form.  
At dawn, the design was complete. He's gathered all the necessary ingridients and took them to the beach, started the weird ritual. The shell he brought started to devour his legs and grow, his screams of pain terrified the nearby wildlife. His body became one with the now giant shell. He crawled into the water and as his new body started to drift, he's started to touch himself, his shell, to feel the pattern of all things. Extatic, he's slowly but surely wandered torwards the future, but once his hand got there, his sheer curiosity took over him. He began to understand all, and once he did, all there was left for him was pure terror. Being a god means being a helpless puppet of fate, knowing all means realizing the ever repeating entrapment, the emptiness of the absolute existence. Eventually sirens found him, and what did he become - a lost child of the lost children. A god.

"He was right, you know? He did solve a great universal riddle."  
"Really? What I heard was a tale of a madman."  
"And who are you to speak?" She smiled kindly. "To be insane doesn't always mean to be wrong. In a backward world, being backward is the way forward. All of creation is a spiral, even time and destiny themselves. You're not the first Ludwig I host. And you won't be the last."